I'm prepare to copy police information
that just received from the North Pole
Sheriff's Department
I tell us a bit has been routine from
chef lost advises the following
describes vehicle has just bought this
area and there's a portal is he having
an assist direction so Royal Canadian
Mint to please the multitudinous but
this object that's already crossed the
border and that his present rate of
speed he's arrived at the Ocean City
Elliott sometime around midnight the
vehicle is described to the freeway
color red sleigh pulled by reindeer the
foremost reindeer is being Rudolph's and
has been known to have a break red
crawling knows he is followed by each
other in here known as Dasher dancer
Prancer vixen comet Cupid Donner and
Blitzen
the driver he's fight for 425 pounds
with a long white beard is wearing a
bright red suit trimmed with white bird
with a matching red hat and jet black
boots he is also known for the very
twinkle in his eyes
this desert observing the name is Kris
Kringle st. Claire Signet for better
known as Santa Claus
the vehicle is inferred to be loaded
with a large stack of presents for the
children of the ocean Canyon area due to
the high risk exploring this you go
ahead please do not delay him with a
system in any way possible on the other
chef nationality of the ocean can be
sure it's fun we spin or EMS fire and
police personnel and their families a
safe happy and healthy holiday season
tender 1903 is dangerous for numbers 2 4